(Early morning of the photo shooting day for JinSoul)
Kim Lip: Why do you shoot me? Today's main star is JinSoul, not me!
(No! All the girls of LOOΠΔ are the main stars!)
(The main stars are searching for good place around a shooting site)
- Seomun Market
- Dongsungno!!
JinSoul: I heard it a lot!
JinSoul: Don't search for it like this
Kim Lip: Yes. You have to search for 'Delicious food'
Kim Lip: There is a famous bakery
Kim Lip: Also there is a famous place for 'Tteokbokki'
(They're hungry all the time)
Kim Lip: We are going to shoot in Korea instead of going to overseas
JinSoul: I want to go to Busan
Kim Lip: I love Jeju-do!
Kim Lip: (Threatening) And this tme... we are...!
JinSoul: But.. PD is the only one who know what you said!
Kim Lip: Yes... I know
Kim Lip: I think PD will make Korean subtitle again like...
Kim Lip: 'DISS COMPANY'
Kim Lip: (DISS  COMPANY) And at this basement, we are...
Kim Lip: This is unfair
JinSoul: And you ought not to say 'ONLY' 5 hours!!
Kim Lip: Right!!
Kim Lip: I haven't had anything for (only) 5 hours...
Kim Lip: I'm hungry...
(Maybe they really love [LOOΠΔ TV] as much as the next guy...)
Kim Lip: Do you know how hard it was for me to not eat anything for 5 hours?
Kim Lip: We haven't had anything all day...
Kim Lip: It's really hard to not eat anything for (ONLY) 5 hours...